



CEP-service providers are non-palletized items and these shipments are rarely over 50 kg (110 lb.), with no single piece of the shipment weighing more than about 70 kg (154 lb.).

Short distance transportation

Communication - use of blockchain
Forecasting sales for faster delivery (rent shelf space with transportation)
Information about package localization

(eventual tech podemos integrar)
(BOLD sentence about our mission)
	Transpod autonomous vehicle , grid

Maybe some adaptation of Transpod  (Electromagnetic propulsion) to ship goods between cities at very high speeds. I think we can take those warehouse robots and unmanned aircraft with a complete robots system that fully load and unload transpods to deliver or receive inter-countries cargo.

-----------------------
More than ever, the core component of a transportation business is the delivery speed. Thus, future encloses long-run transportation using Transpod technologies.
Warehouses have autonomous systems that use artificial intelligence and robots to organize packages and handle all packing processes; also, IoT sensors play an essential role by measuring temperature and humidity. Warehouses also have transpod stations allowing to automate the load and unload processes. In this way, we can merge the autonomous “driving” of Transpod with loading/unloading process automation, reducing costs, improving efficiency, and most important, decreasing stalling times. This automation consists of using robot arms, (much like the car production robots nowadays) to perform cargo shipping processes.

To take advantage of modern information systems and to allow for the proper development of the propositions described, a central management system empowered by Artificial Intelligence who is capable of performing cargo waggons load balancing and congestion control (reduce speed or adjust Transpod departure time to avoid congestion at a specific warehouse).


Predictive algorithms will keep track of the latest trends to shorter customers’ waiting time, and in a partnership with sellers, we intended to deploy a package cache policy. For instance, imagine that X packages needed to be delivered, corresponding to a popular item in one region. If we can predict that more people will also require more items to the same region in the near future, we can ship them on cargo ships, taking advantage of free space, thus reducing transportation waste and maximizing the efficiency by reducing, even more, transportation times.

Through the ​Internet of Things​, any object can be linked to any other via the network. So an object can pass on data about its condition and thus trigger a reaction in another device. For instance, smart beacons are deployed across at the railway to keep track of in-transit cargo ships. Thus, customers can track, in real-time, the position of their packages. In warehouses, all objects transmit information about their current status and storage location, intelligent delivery solutions collect precise information about the delivery status of a package, and on the consumer side, intelligent refrigerators themselves trigger orders.

The use of ​unmanned aircraft​ such as drones will be important too. One example is the use of autonomous drones for parcel delivery, especially in remote areas or in the rush hour traffic jams of the metropolises to cut on costs on the last mile delivery.
The main business revenues are mainly, collection, packing, delivery fees and from additional tracking information. For instance, a customer can pay an additional fee to receive real time tracking. Additionally, it is possible to obtain revenue from data monetization: selling anonymize statistical data for studies or other industries.
